{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The brow\'92s bottom is the brow guide. (yellow line)\
Then draw the nose guide. (yellow line)\
Divide the brow-nose region in half, then divide the midpoint to brow in 3 parts. The female eye fits perfectly in the middle cell. (divide the horizontal red line to the brow line into 3 equal regions. This forms 3 cells and the middle one of those 3 is the eye cell)\
\
*The brow to eye distance is greater in females than males.\
\
The male eye starts slightly above the eye cell and ends slightly above the bottom of the eye cell. So if you have the typical eye cell, shift the eye above by half a cell. The brow to eye distance is very short in males. \
But the height of the eye is still the typical 1/3rd region i.e the height of the eye cell.\
\
The distance between the nose and the mouth is also eye height.\
\
To mark the eyes horizontally, divide the face in half (yellow line), then divide the midpoint to the line that marks the center of the face into half. \
Both male and female eyes start at the intersection.\
Note that if there is makeup on the female eye, the thin lining of the mascara or eye-liner crosses the intersection point towards the nose. \
\
To mark the other end of the eye, divide the region between the red vertical line and the edge of the face into half. (purple vertical line)\
\
Divide the new outer side cell region still in another half (green line). The edge of the cell on the inner side of the face marks the end of the white of the eye. \
If a woman is wearing makeup, the outer cell\'92s outer edge marks the end of the eye.(purple line) }